feat: update endpoints documentation (#1854)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/development_suite/use-cases/grpc.md

#### Configure envoy

To expose the server with the Envoy API Gateway, you can [create an endpoint](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/endpoints.md) on `/` which point to the `grpc-service` microservice, and pick the container port that binds the gRPC controller.

> When using Envoy, the endpoint accepts also requests with HTTP/2 protocol, allowing to use gRPC clients.

Reviewer: maybe a `tip` to "make sure the use downstream protocol flag is correclty set"

#### Configure envoy

To expose the server with the Envoy API Gateway, you can [create an endpoint](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/endpoints.md) on `/` which point to the `grpc-service` microservice, and pick the container port that binds the gRPC controller.

:::tip

> Ensure that the _Use downstream protocol_ flag in the [_Advanced_ section](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/endpoints.md#manage-advanced-endpoint-parameters) is flagged, to ensure that the protocol used is inferred from the incoming request, allowing the protocol HTTP/2 to be used effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the _Use downstream protocol_ flag (in the [Endpoint settings _Advanced_ tab](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/endpoints.md#manage-advanced-endpoint-parameters)) is flagged, this ensures that the `HTTP` protocol version is inferred from the incoming request, allowing the protocol HTTP/2 to be used effectively.
```
